hypertable_(detailed_)size functions now supports CAGG name (#2086)
timescale/docs: api/hypertable_detailed_size.md

# hypertable_detailed_size()  

Get detailed information about disk space used by a hypertable or
continuous aggregate, returning size information for the table
itself, any indexes on the table, any toast tables, and the total
size of all. All sizes are reported in bytes. If the function is
executed on a distributed hypertable, it returns size information
as a separate row per node, including the access node.

<Highlight type="tip">

> When a continuous aggregate name is provided, the function will
> transparently look up the backing hypertable and return its statistics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a continuous aggregate name is provided, the function
transparently looks up the backing hypertable and returns its statistics
```
